>> Mike North: The next exercise is really
easy, cuz you guys slog through that one.
We're gonna introduce one
little concept and then make
a small tweak to an older exercise that we
completed that will make it really cool.
So one of the things that SaaS adds,
which is really important
in terms of being able to
parametrize these things and
deal with the kind of mixins
that we were working with,
is we get a little bit of control flow.
We get, essentially, if.
If and else, right?
I don't actually have
an example of an else here.
You won't need it for your exercise, but
it's just @else immediately
following the close brace of an if.
And one thing to remember is that
this is not something that is
evaluated at like when your
CSS is read by a browser.
This is what is evaluated
as you build your CSS out.
So like whatever it is, that conditional,
that if is figured out and resolved and
baked in to regular CSS when you're making
your browser consumable style sheet.
And in this case, what we're doing is
we're saying that if the font size
is greater than a certain amount,
we're gonna also increase the line height.
Because potentially,
we've hit some threshold where now we know
we need to accommodate some extra space.
And so here I'm passing in a pixel value
to both places and you can see that line
height is only added If that condition
meets the required criteria.
Now we could have done this
a null default value as well.
But if you imagine that it was a more
complicated set of styles, like if we had
five or six different things that
need to be conditionally applied,
you don't want to have to have
null values for all of those.
And furthermore, oftentimes,
you need to toggle between things.
And it starts to get to a point where
it's like yes, you could do it that way,
but oftentimes,
this is gonna be the neater way.
And it's also pretty readable.
Because anyone who comes across this,
it is they may be surprised
that it's possible to do this.
But they will probably be able to make
a reasonable assumption as to what's
going on here